♪
Hello students!
Mr. Fellows here to tell you
about Step 4
of the financial aid process...
tackling additional financing
options that you have.
Here she goes...
Whoop!...
Didn't really give myself
a lot of room...
Yeah!...
Okay...
See ya on the open road.
Financial Aid!
Even if you've maximized all of
your scholarships, grants and
federal student loans,
you may still need help
covering college expenses.
So Monty's gonna tell you
all about
the additional financing options
you have available to you.
Take it away Monty...
He's more of an ice hockey guy.
Next, there's the Federal Direct
PLUS loan for parents.
Now this loan is available for
parents of dependent
undergraduate students.
It covers up to 100%,
yeah, 100% of remaining
education-related expense.
A credit-check is required,
but the parents' debt
and current income is not
considered.
Also, there's the private or
alternative student loans.
Now these loans are made
available to students
through banks and other private
lenders.
A credit-check is required
as well as a debt and current
income check.
Therefore, most students
will need a qualified
adult wage earning cosigner to
meet eligibility requirements.
Additionally,
as a way to better manage
payment of your outstanding
tuition,
some schools may allow you
to enroll
in a tuition payment plan.
Now this plan will allow you
to make smaller
and more manageable payments.
Well, that just about
wraps it up for this step.
And like I always say...
with college comes
great knowledge.
I'll see ya next time!
Whooo!
Sign up for the CollegeSTEPS®
program
and get handy information
throughout the year.
wellsfargo.com/collegesteps